Hello, today I want to show you
a cookie cleaning program and
cache memory on your computer and cleaning
your browser is valid if you have
the browser starts to decrease various
errors do not load pages and some other
there are problems with it it could be
It is connected that very but the information on it
your all the same remains when you
go to different sites
browsing and let's advertise different
on yu tuba let's say there is an advertisement and she and
it is not updated or what
some problems there we admit
go to this program go
cleaning tab here you can clear
how windows such various applications
Your browser will be shown here.
let's say there are some ticks here
According to the standard opera, let's say I have
Interested in chrome here you can set
his glasses these caps can be inserted
let's say if you need this check
save passwords to saved passwords
which you have on the computer in this
browser is valid when you go and
register on this site you can
save it and then no problem
occur on one site or another
if we tick here then
all these passwords will be cleared cleansing
Well, as you wish, I suppose I do not put
and here you can also sit here
no need to put also can be cleaned there
other programs but I'm interested in this
base i'm not worth it anywhere else
starting start push analysis
here I do not propose to close close so
here the analysis is done so small
here we see let's say when i do
cleaning up
I have to drive him freed 2
let's say if you never cleaned the core
on your computer is valid after this
small little action you news
the package will work by itself knows
click cleaning okay going on here
a little cleaning so expect
finish cleaning is complete also with
using this program you can do
go to the registry and click search problems on
your computer is associated with a location
file or document on your computer
problems sometimes happen with sound or else
what there slot application
teka generally different errors push
finding problems on your computer
music sheet see scanning
ending we see a problem here here
data where is this problem located on
your computer click fix
here we offer a program
keep backups made
change i don't make it clean and
do need to do
here is a small window and here we are
can see let's say I have 77 problems
the program found the computer can
correct
one by one we can not be fixed right away
all on the right we see corrected to glue
can repeat this business scan
Here we already see the file less correct
no for everyone and scanned again
fix no such a small program
and comfortable ex-mayor also with her
can I search for files there
various system recovery
I do not use the rubbing of disks
for cleaning the cache memory
and cookies so thank you all for
I hope hope helped subscribe to
channel put like